Adds ts example to gcp-ts-serverless-raw (#1329)
pulumi/examples: gcp-ts-serverless-raw/README.md

[![Deploy](https://get.pulumi.com/new/button.svg)](https://app.pulumi.com/new?template=https://github.com/pulumi/examples/blob/master/gcp-ts-serverless-raw/README.md)

> # Google Cloud Functions in Python, Go, and Typescript Deployed with TypeScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Google Cloud Functions in Python, Go, and TypeScript Deployed with TypeScript
```

Reviewer: Would you mind adding TypeScript to the `description` field here as well? https://github.com/pulumi/examples/blob/0dd0c484ee335693950fb701be0255cc11d915db/gcp-ts-serverless-raw/Pulumi.yaml#L3

"Hello World!"
$ curl $(pulumi stack output goEndpoint)
"Hello World!"
$ curl $(pulumi stack output tsEndpoint)
"Hello World!"

# Remove the app
$ pulumi destroy
```

> ## Typescript Notes
> 
> In the `typescriptfunc` folder you'll notice more than a function. Some configuration is needed to inform gcp how to build typescript into nodejs. 
> See [this example from google for more details](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/functions-framework-nodejs/blob/master/docs/typescript.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## TypeScript Notes

In the `typescriptfunc` folder you'll notice more than a function. Some configuration is needed to inform GCP how to build TypeScript for the Node.js runtime environment. See [this example from Google for more details](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/functions-framework-nodejs/blob/master/docs/typescript.md).
```
